[SHIMMER]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to this
guided sleep meditation,
where you will fall into a deep
and restful sleep that will
take you into the world of light
and energy that is the astral
realm.
You will wake up in the morning
feeling rested and rejuvenated.
Settle your body into
a comfortable position
and let your eyes slowly close.
Take a very good deep breath,
let the breath fill your lungs,
and then let it out
slowly through your mouth.
Now take one more good deep
breath, filling your lungs
with this wonderful oxygen,
and slowly let it out.
And as you continue breathing,
inhale light and exhale
tension.
Now relax and let your automatic
breathing rhythm take over.
Know that you are in complete
control at all times,
allowing yourself to
relax, trust, and let go.
Visualize a sphere of violet
blue light surrounding
your whole bed.
This is the light
from the astral realm.
You feel the smooth
energy relaxing your head
as it enters your
scalp and forehead,
allowing all the muscles in
your forehead and temples
to let go and relax, feeling
calm and so much lighter
as you inhale this
wonderful energy.
Let this light travel into all
the muscles around your eyes,
relaxing them and cooling
them, giving yourself this time
to fully and completely relax.
This light and relaxing
violet blue energy now
travels down to your
nose, filling your cheeks,
relaxing all the muscles
of your jaw and chin,
and you're feeling
light and peaceful.
Such a wonderful feeling
to just let go and relax.
And with every exhale, you just
keep relaxing more and more,
since you are releasing
more and more tension.
Now let this wonderful,
swirling, violet light flow up
all the large and small
muscles of your neck,
releasing any stress
stored in the area
and allowing your muscles to
let go as they are flooded
with this wonderful light.
Feeling this violet blue
light enter your shoulders
like an energetic massage, and
you are feeling calm and light.
This rejuvenating light
now enters your chest
and upper arms, relaxing
all the muscles of your arms
all the way down to your elbows,
wrists, hands, and fingers.
Let the bright blue light
flow through your back,
flooding all the large
and small muscles,
and you are feeling
light as a feather.
This wonderful, relaxing
light moves into your abdomen,
relaxing all the
muscles of your stomach
and releasing all
the tension stored.
It is time to let go and
allow, allow yourself to relax,
and you notice the violet
blue light enters your hips
and buttocks muscles, and you
feel deeply, deeply relaxed.
This brilliant light now travels
down your upper thighs, knees,
calves, shins, all the
way down to your ankles,
feet, until it reaches
the tips of your toes.
You are completely relaxed and
at one with the astral energy.
You are feeling light
and so comfortable.
And now that you are feeling
relaxed and at peace,
you feel the sphere begin
to levitate with you in it.
You know are guided
by your highest self
and you trust this journey.
As you rise up slowly into
the sky within this sphere,
you have a feeling of
peace and tranquility.
Like a baby being rocked in his
mother's arms, you feel safe.
You know that your
destination is near,
and so you wait patiently for
the sphere to arrive smoothly
into the astral plane.
You are in good hands, and
you go higher and higher,
feeling lighter and lighter.
Now I'm going to count from
10 to 1, and when I reach one,
you will have arrived
to the astral plane.
10.
Feeling peaceful and calm.
Nine.
Trusting and
enjoying the journey.
Eight.
You are presence.
Seven.
Allow yourself to
trust your higher self.
Six.
Letting go and allowing.
Five.
Feeling happy and light.
Four.
You are pure love.
Three.
Feeling as light as a feather.
Two.
You remember the astral plane.
One.
You have arrived to
the astral realm.
You watch the sphere
disperse, and you
find yourself laying down
on bright green grass
with aqua blue tones.
You sit up and notice
that you are up on a hill
overlooking a
beautiful lake that
is surrounded by
colorful trees, flowers,
and even the clouds seem to have
a purple and pink glow to them.
You decide to walk
down to the lake,
and you're surprised
at how light you feel.
You know that if you want,
you can fly down to the lake,
but you're enjoying
lightly walking down
the beautiful path,
surrounded by flowers
that you've never seen before.
Even the colors seem
unfamiliar but vibrant,
and you can feel them.
You feel peaceful and calm.
You arrive at the edge
of the quiet lake,
and you feel so peaceful,
as if the lake itself is
emitting relaxing vibrations.
You look down at your body
out of curiosity and notice
that even you have
a slight glow.
You wonder what your
face looks like,
and you get closer to
the crystal clear water
to get a good look
at your reflection.
You get down on your knees
and peek over the edge.
To your surprise, you see
the one looking back at you
is a wonderful astral
version of you,
and it can be
anything you imagine--
a being of light or similar to
how you look in waking reality
but with a slight glow.
Maybe your hair is
bright pink color.
Your skin looks
radiant and young.
Your eyes are shining,
and your face is smiling.
A warm and friendly
feeling washes over you.
You begin to understand
that you are so much
more than your waking reality.
You are a multidimensional
being able to experience
otherworldly planes,
and you can feel
your consciousness expanding.
You can sense the
great mystery within,
and you find comfort
in the connection
you feel to this astral
world and to yourself.
And from this space,
explore this realm.
You can fly or just take
in the current view.
What do you see?
How do you feel?
Allow your
imagination to expand.
Finally, you'll end
back into the space
where you began this
journey, and you
lay down on the smooth, soft
grass and look up into the sky.
You can't tell if it is day
or night, as the color seems
so vibrant, and yet you can
see the deep space all around.
Beyond the clouds, you can
see giant spheres of light.
Take this moment to
create an intention
to connect more and
more to the astral plane
and to remember
who you really are.
As you lay there, you
begin to feel sleepy,
and the weather is just perfect.
Allow yourself to drift
off into sleep, feeling
light and peaceful, knowing that
these following affirmations
will enter your unconscious
mind like seeds,
and what will flourish are your
memories of the astral plane
and your ability to travel there
whenever you want, consciously.
I am prepared for astral travel.
Astral travel is just a
normal part of my life.
My consciousness is open
to the astral plane.
I am connected to
my astral body.
My mind is calm and aware.
My entire being is at peace.
My awareness has expanded.
I am in a state of
total peace and bliss.
I leave my physical
body every night.
My consciousness is open
to the astral plane.
Astral projection is a
natural part of my life.
I enjoy astral traveling.
I am calm and at peace.
I always create a
positive experience.
My awareness is
open and expanded.
I can easily access
my astral body.
I remember my
out-of-body experiences.
I can leave my physical
body any time I choose.
I experience
tranquility and bliss.
My consciousness is expanded
when astral projecting.
I astral project regularly.
Leaving my body to experience
astral travel is easy.
I know I am more than
my physical awareness.
I remain consciously aware
as my body falls asleep.
I experience out-of-body
consciousness now.
I separate from my
physical body during sleep.
You are light.
You are now in the astral realm.
You now remember
the astral plane.
You are astral projecting.
I am leaving my body.
I know I can achieve
an astral projection.
My entire body is at peace.
I am moving smoothly
toward the horizon.
My awareness is open.
I will astral project.
I will remember my
astral projection.
I enjoy having
out-of-body experiences.
I leave my body every night.
My awareness is
completely expanded.
Visualizing myself
astral traveling
helps me to activate it.
I am prepared for astral travel.
Astral travel is just a
normal part of my life.
My consciousness is open
to the astral plane.
I am connected to
my astral body.
My mind is calm and aware.
My entire being is at peace.
My awareness has expanded.
I am in a state of
total peace and bliss.
I leave my physical
body every night.
My consciousness is open
to the astral plane.
Astral projection is a
natural part of my life.
I enjoy astral traveling.
I am calm and at peace.
I always create a
positive experience.
My awareness is
open and expanded.
I can easily access
my astral body.
I remember my
out-of-body experiences.
I can leave my physical
body any time I choose.
I experience
tranquility and bliss.
My consciousness is expanded
when astral projecting.
I astral project regularly.
Leaving my body to experience
astral travel is easy.
I know I am more than
my physical awareness.
I remain consciously aware
as my body falls asleep.
I experience out-of-body
consciousness now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]